this is fabulous wine is a shame it's
the last bottle is it truly the last
bottle you've men salutely the last
bottle and we kept it for you Florida
that's one when will be some more
hopefully in September October if we get
any Sun but today is the first of July
we have a firearm so it's not looking
too good
never mind never mind anyway let's get
down to pigeons because pigeons people
think of humble common peasanty how do
you persuade them in your fabulous
diamond to eat such a thing as they
might think it's a bit you know not so
good give it a lovely sauce fabulous
sauce and give it a nice a compliment
also once they give them a wide choice
in the menu so they don't have to eat
pigeon if they don't want to you know
but quite a few people do have it how do
you cook at them go could we start off
with this is the leg yeah we just
chopped it up well actually is the leg
of two pigeons here but we chopped them
up very small yeah and we starting it
off with a bit of shallot and some
garlic here maybe a little bit of thyme
and cover that with water about a pint
of water and find out and let it simmer
gently for maybe an hour an hour and a
half then strain that off and then you
have to base that so then to prepare the
pigeon itself what do you do you just
put butter others not bacon and things
that you're in Ireland it's all butter
and cream over here right so we put
butter on now how long does that stay in
the oven for then and how long would you
think you should stay in the oven I'd
say probably 20 minutes No 1012 it's
gonna come out pink people are gonna
send it back you've got to eat as rare
if you don't use of rare you might as
well eat this here take it neat it's the
same thing okay well you take it and
cook it and pop it in the oven when you
easiest I certainly you know I just tell
you about this one it's a Riesling sort
of wine it's the only vineyard in
Ireland it's called Chateau Long Hill
it's absolutely brilliant and it's as
rare as anything very worth drinking
John has is making a brilliant saucer of
toys he's got the stock from the pigeon
which I showed you earlier on and it has
been reduced a little bit because it was
too thin and he had
reduced red wine he fried some shalash
we fried some little bit of garlic and
we're using because we have time in the
garden rich yes okay I'm sorry
is that all from the garden honestly yes
everything we didn't go into town and
buy it and bring it to the window just
for you Touche okay get on with it then
John can we have the sauce please
I think madam here is nearly ready
very very common when you're looking at
me okay pour the sauce on the slate
please John snapped hope we've got a
television crew waiting here and Richard
you look at that very nicely you see
that lovely rich red sauce poured over
the wonderful white plate with the
division breasts on and Richard up to me
for a second everything's I've done
nothing on this program actually I've
cooked the cabbage it's beautiful
cabbage from my three acre garden here
wall garden by the way simmered gently
in butter with little raisins in
absolute superb and of course it makes a
dish now look at that a really super
meal
pigeon elevations of heights of
gastronomy you've never seen before and
back up to us again please because what
meganspeaks about vegetable do you think
they really they really taste so much
better than the guy who is that just
sort of months no it's not nonsense they
have to be better day that cabbage was
growing half an hour ago and it sits
beautifully fresh and it he tastes
completely different to something that's
sitting in a shop for the last week here